known as sesshu ( 1420 - 1506 ) , he was an ink painter and zen monk active in the muromachi period in the latter half of the 15th century , and was called a master painter . he revolutionized the japanese ink painting . he was given the posthumous name &quot; toyo &quot; or &quot; sesshu ( 拙宗 ) . &quot; born in bicchu province , he moved to suo province after entering sshokoku-ji temple in kyoto . later he accompanied a mission to ming dynasty china and learned chinese ink painting . his works were many , including not only chinese-style landscape paintings , but also portraits and pictures of flowers and birds . his bold compositions and strong brush strokes constituted an extremely distinctive style . 6 of his extant works are designated national treasures . indeed , he is considered to be extraordinary among japanese painters . for this reason , there are a great many artworks that are attributed to him , such as folding screens with pictures of flowers and that birds are painted on them . there are many works that even experts cannot agree if they are really his work or not . representative works include : long landscape scroll , summer and winter landscape , view of amanohashidate , broken ink landscape , portrait of ekadanpi , fall and winter landscape , and folding screen of birds and flowers of the 4 seasons . his disciples include shugetsu , soen , and toshun . he was born in akahama , bicchu province ( present-day soja city , okayama prefecture ) , in 1420 . he was born to a samurai family called oda . he entered nearby hofuku-ji temple ( soja city ) while young . he moved to kyoto &apos;s shokoku-ji temple at the age of around 10 , and while studying and having zen training under shuto shunrin , learned painting from shubun tensho . in around 1454 , he moved to suo province , and built his studio , unkokuan ( yamaguchi city , yamaguchi prefecture ) , with the patronage of the feudal lord , ouchi . in around 1465 , he acquired a calligraphy work by bonki soseki on which the characters of sesshu were written , and requested shinkei ryuko to write a certificate about the origin of the name , sesshu . it is believed that after that , he came to be known as sesshuu . it is thought that until this time he was known as touyou sesshu , but there is not a firm source to indicate that sesshu and sesshu were the same person . in 1468 , he sailed to ming dynasty china with a mission . he familiarized himself with authentic chinese ink painting and studied it for about 2 years . in the fall of 1481 , he traveled to mino province . there is no reliable record of the date of his death , but most put it at 1506 . other records write that he died in 1502 . in addition to the date of his death , there are many other aspects of sesshu &apos;s life that remain unknown . there is an interesting episode about sesshu . a young sesshu who entered hofuku-ji temple only liked pictures and did not want to read sutras ; so the monks of the temple tied him to a pillar in the building enshrining a buddhist statue . however , when the monks saw that he drew a rat with his tears that fell on the floor by using his big toe , they were impressed so they allowed him to draw pictures . this is thought to be the most well known story about sesshu . the story first appeared in &quot; honcho gashi &quot; compiled by eino kano ( published in 1693 , the edo period ) . sesshu started to be deified in the edo period . it is thought to be because the kano school that ruled painting circles at the time venerated him as a master , and feudal lords wanted to have sesshu &apos;s artwork . it is said that this is why the number of artworks attributed to sesshu increased . reflecting sesshu &apos;s popularity , a japanese puppet drama / kabuki work entitled &quot; the gion religious festival &quot; was created . the drama was first performed in january 1758 . the scene of kinkaku-ji temple , where sesshu &apos;s granddaughter , yukihime , takes an active role , is famous ) and similar works were performed . today , sesshu who gave birth to one of japanese cultures is a leading historical figure of this country . view of amanohashidate ( kyoto national museum ) 4 seasons landscape scroll ( long landscape scroll ) ( mohri museum , painted in 1486 ) fall and winter landscape ( tokyo national museum ) broken ink landscape ( tokyo national museum , painted in 1495 ) portrait of ekadanpi ( seinen-ji temple in aichi prefecture , painted in 1496 ) landscape ( private collection ) 4 seasons landscape ( tokyo national museum ) 4 seasons landscape ( ishibashi museum of art ) 4 seasons landscape scroll ( small landscape scroll ) ( kyoto national museum ) landscape scroll after kegong gao ( yamaguchi prefectural museum of art ) landscape after gui xia ( private collection ) oxherd after tang li ( yamaguchi prefectural museum of art ) huang chuping after kai liang ( kyoto national museum ) landscape after yujian ( okayama prefectural museum of art ) landscape ( kosetsu museum of art ) folding screen of birds and flowers of the 4 seasons ( kyoto national museum ) portrait of kanetaka masuda ( masuda municipal sesshu-no-sato memorial hall ) bishamonten ( private collection ) landscape ( kyoto national museum ) splashed ink landscape ( masaki museum of art ) * the works considered to be authentic are listed . special exhibition in commemoration of 500th anniversary of death : sesshu ( illustrated collection , tokyo national museum , kyoto national museum , 2002 ) master painter sesshu ( raisuke numata , &quot; ronso series &quot; 1 , ronsosha , march 2002 , isbn 4-8460-0241-1 ) fans of sesshu ( yuji yamashita , genpei akasegawa )
rinzai zen buddhism is one of the chinese five houses / seven schools of zen ( rinzai , igyou , soto , unmon , hogan ) and gigen rinzai ( ? - 867 ) of tang was its founder . he was known as &quot; rinzai of katu ( meaning to help wake up the sleeping mind ) &quot; and &quot; general rinzai &quot; , and rose to the top of chinese zen with his distinctive style . with its zen talks that try to awaken self awareness through study of koan , it differs from the silent zen of the soto sect , which just does meditation . rinzai school in china as the name implies , rinzai school started with its founder gigen rinzai at the end of the tang dynasty , after the anti-buddhist movement at the kaishou era . rinzai was the disciple of kiun obaku ; the school grew as a religious movement centered in the province of hebei , with the support of changshi wang of the hanchin government , but in the confusion that arose around the end of the tang dynasty , hebei was at the center of the tumultuous five dynasties and it became difficult to sustain a religious movement . the central figure around that time was enshou fuketsu . it was in the northern song dynasty that rinzai school became vibrant again , below the gates of sekiso soen , along with enan ouryu and houe yougi who came from jiangxi province and created the two main sectes of rinzai ( ouryu and yougi ) , and swept across all of china . when it came to the southern song dynasty , soukou daie , a disciple of kokugon engo who belonged to the yougi sect , started the daikan sect in zhejiang province , which became a major sect in the rinzai school . rinzai school in japan according to doctrine , it was brought over to china from india by bodhidharma , the 28th successor of the 10 disciples ( called kasho ) who directly received the teaching ( enlightenment ) of siddhartha gautama . later the rinzai school , which achieved the pinnacle of zen teaching , was brought to japan in the kamakura period by eisai , who went to china to study in the southern song period . japan &apos;s rinzai is one of zen schools in japan . it emphasizes the transmission of enlightenment from teacher to disciple . ( hassu is the disciple who inherited the teaching of the master . ) it calls sakyamuni the original teacher venerable sakyamuni buddha , bodhidharma the first ancestor and great teacher bodhidharma , and rinzai the founder and great teacher rinzai . in contrast to the soto zen school which spreads through regional clans and the general people , the rinzai school received support from samurai families in government , and was esteemed in the politics and culture . later , the rinzai school was rebuilt in the edo period by master hakuin , and continued to be called hakuin zen . traditions transmission of enlightenment from masters to disciples continues down to the present day ( hassu is the disciple who inherited the teaching of the master ) . the important interaction between the master and disciple is called &quot; a secret in the room &quot; and is not to be taken out of the master &apos;s room and revealed publicly . what is extracted from the interactions between a master and disciple , or zen lecture transcripts that record the actions of a master , is called a koan ( precedent ) and various collections have been compiled since the song dynasty ; but enlightenment is not something that can be communicated with words , so when people today try to understand the text , the koan itself refuses them . however , they contain hints that lead people toward enlightenment , and there are a great many zen books from the beginning down to the present day . also since the song dynasty , the zen schools changed to a kannazen style in which masters give lectures using transcripts of zen talks and the masters became not to display the same majesty as those in the tang dynasty including rinzai . although masters choose their successors when they die , the successors have not necessarily attained enlightenment by that time , but that fact is only known to the master and the successor himself . even if the new master had not attained enlightenment , the disciples would have been able to do so if it is within a few generations from that of the master who gained enlightenment , therefore it is possible to take such a measure . it is possible for a master to leave behind several new masters , or at his discretion not to leave a successor and bring his line to an end . many lines have split , and some have disappeared ; in this way some of those lines have come down from the 7th century to the present day . enlightenment the zen sects generally emphasize enlightenment over knowledge . enlightenment in zen means that all living things realize the inherent buddha nature they possess . for this reason , masters in the tang dynasty struggled to enlightenment through much hardship . however , they began to devise many techniques for gaining enlightenment from the song dynasty . these were systematized so that enlightenment could be gained by performing training such as zazen ( not the same as meditation ) , koan ( understanding stories that surpass intellectual understanding ) , dokyou ( reading sutras ) , or samu ( everyday work ) under an already enlightened zen master . enlightenment is thought to pass from the master to the disciple as a candle flame passes to a candle that is unlit ( called dentou ) . that is not a transmission based on words ( logos ) . for this reason , it is considered crucial to choose the right zen master . that means not just choosing one who has gained enlightenment , but one who fits with one &apos;s own personality . actually , it does not mean that an enlightened zen master instructs and enables someone gain enlightenment . masters in the tang dynasty did not learn to get enlightenment from anybody - not to mention siddhartha gautama ( buddha , shakuson ) , who gained enlightenment without a teacher . while it is impossible to define enlightenment with words , words are one of many methods that can describe the boundaries of enlightenment . that is why , especially after it was brought to japan , enlightenment has been expressed through artistic expression such as poetry and painting , so that one can get a taste of its aroma . other than in art , it is also expressed in deportments such as tea ceremony and flower arrangement ; and methods to get a taste of the world of enlightenment have also been born . that is not an intellectual understanding . the koan system the koan system came together after the song dynasty , and though they might be fabricated it has made even more enlightenments possible . most koan are made up of conversations between a master and disciple , telling the truth of the moment when the disciple gained enlightenment . koan cannot be received with logical , intellectual understanding , and are stories beyond logic that can be understood only by completely becoming the koan itself instead of thinking . the koan system was established by collecting these koan stories as a method for leading disciples and was composed of 500 to 1900 koan stories . koan system differs according to the master &apos;s style . examples of koan stories in the beginning . &quot; does a dog have buddha-nature ? &quot; &quot; it does not have . &quot; as the background , any buddhist knows that &quot; all living things have buddha-nature . &quot; the sound of one hand clapping a disciple has to listen to the sound of clapping with one hand and show that to the master . by intellectual understanding , it is impossible to clap with one hand and make a sound . sects kenni-ji sect the sect began when eisai came back from southern song china in 1202 . eisai was the first to bring the zen tradition to japan . head temple is kenni-ji in kyoto . kenni-ji is the oldest zen temple in japan . tofuku-ji sect the sect began in kyoto when benen enni returned from song china in 1236 . head temple is tofuku-ji in kyoto . ekei ankokuji , who was a monk and also acted as a diplomat for the mori clan in the warring states period , belonged to this school . kencho-ji sect the sect was established by douryuu rankei in 1253 , who was invited from southern song china by tiyori hojou , the 5th regent of the kamakura shogunate . head temple is kencho-ji in kamakura , founded by douryuu rankei . kencho-ji was the first zen temple that opened the first pure zen training hall in japan , with more than 1,000 monks training there at one time . enkaku-ji sect the sect began in kamakura in 1282 when sogen mugaku was invited from china . head temple is enkaku-ji in kamakura . enkaku-ji temple was passed from sogen mugaku to kennichi kouhou and soseki musou , and was at one time the center of japanese zen . famous zen masters after the meiji period include kousen imakita , souen shaku , and sougen asahina . daisetsu suzuki who introduced zen to the west experienced zen under the two masters , imakita and souen shaku as a lay buddhist . also , soseki natsume approached souen shaku and wrote about that experience in the gate . nanzen-ji sect the sect began by fumon mukan in 1291 . head temple is nanzen-ji in kyoto . kokutai-ji sect the sect began by myoi jiun around 1300 . head temple is kokutai-ji ( takaoka city in toyama prefecture ) , which was rebuilt in the meiji period by tesshuu yamaoka . taninaka-no-zenseian , founded by tesshuu , is a famous temple of the kokutai-ji sect . daitoku-ji sect the sect began in 1315 by myouchou shuuhou . head temple is daitoku-ji in kyoto . it was razed during the onin war in the muromachi period , but soujun ikkyuu rebuilt it . kogaku-ji sect the sect began by tushou bassui in 1327 . head temple is kogaku-ji in koushuu city , yamanashi prefecture . myoshin-ji sect the sect began in 1337 by egen kanzan . head temple is myoshin-ji in kyoto . subsidiary temples include keishunin , shunkouin , and taizouin . it is the largest sect of the rinzai school , with more than 3,400 sect temples . tenryu-ji sect the sect began in 1339 by soseki musou . head temple is tenryu-ji in arashiyama , kyoto . eigen-ji sect the sect began in 1361 by genkou jakushitsu . head temple is eigen-ji in higashioumi city , shiga prefecture . it has about 150 branch temples mainly in the area of shiga prefecture . belonged to the tofuku-ji sect until 1880 . hoko-ji sect the sect began by gensen mumon in 1384 . head temple is hoko-ji in inasa town , kita-ku , hamamatsu city . it has about 170 branch temples mainly in the area of shizuoka prefecture . belonged to the nanzen-ji sect until 1904 . shokoku-ji sect the sect began by soseki musou in 1392 . head temple is shokoku-ji in kyoto , established by yoshimitsu ashikaga . it has about 100 branch temples nationwide . kinkaku-ji temple and ginkaku-ji temple are affiliated . buttsu-ji sect the sect began by shuukyuu guchuu in 1397 . head temple is buttsu-ji in mihara city , hiroshima prefecture . it has about 50 branch temples mainly in the area of hiroshima prefecture . belonged to the tenryu-ji sect until 1905 . affiliated educational institutions hanazono university shogen junior college hanazono middle school / high school
